hi guys this is an lr design we're going
to be working on today it's just a very
simple lace pattern nail art design
let's get started the first thing i'm
doing i'm just applying a solid nail
polish over my entire nail i'm using a
light green color I'll make sure to list
all the tools I used for this nail art
design under this video in the
description section once everything
dries it's time to paint a swervy black
line using a liner brush I'm going to go
a little bit lower coming in sideways as
well and paint another swervy line now
in between these lines were going to
paint a series of more swervy lines
that's the best part of this nail art
design that you don't have to be worried
about your lines being perfectly
straight so just continue doing these
lines till you get to the opposite side
now for the others that you're going to
do the same exact thing painting these
swervy lines but going the opposite
direction and just continue till you get
to the end now it's time to paint a
flower you can paint any flower of your
choice I'm going to begin mines by
painting a swirl and all around this
world I'm just going to paint tiny black
details going all around they sort of
look like accents you can basically
paint any flower you'd like over this
corner it could be the other corner as
well to finish off this first design all
you have to do is that tiny little dots
over the corners and that's it let's
move to the next nail art design for
this one I also started by painting off
my nail the same exact nail polish color
but I'm painting a half black moon over
the bottom part of my nail now I'm going
to paint for tiny black dots above the
Halfmoon followed by this i'm just going
to connect the dot with a swervy black
line and i'm going to do this to all
four of my dots just connecting the dots
super simple to do once you're done with
this you're going to be painting a
second swervy or curved line under the
first one just to add detail to your
nail art design and that's it just apply
your top coating your design is complete
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
give this nail art design a try thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you next time bye